Elevator Pitch (Subject to change):
- "Imagine a device that you could put on your head that could unlock potential. This device can instantly detect if you're in pain or struggling to understand a concept, 
based on your brain waves. This breakthrough technology can revolutionize education by identifying students who need a break from learning or additional support, 
detect learning disabilities early on, improve or even supplement pain management approaches, and enhance psychotherapeutic techniques. We're not just detecting pain; 
we're unlocking understanding."

Notes: 
- Clarify with the interviewee: Please answer as honestly as possible. Don’t spare any feelings here. We need their honest reaction. We don’t care if it’s good or bad.

Interview Questions: 
1) What is your reaction to the elevator pitch? Are you interested, curious, concerned, or bored? Does the product make sense to you?
2) Is this a product you would buy or use for your children or even yourself?
3) Do you have any concerns regarding the safety of the product? Does anything jump out at you?
4) Of all the product uses mentioned, 
  (A) identifying students who need a break from learning or additional support, 
  (B) detect learning disabilities early on, 
  (C) improve or even supplement pain management approaches, and 
  (D) enhance psychotherapeutic techniques, which do you think you would have the highest chance of using?
5) Do you have any concerns about TikTok and its impact on learning? (This question is for understand if there is a common concern for this problem and for understand 
if people are willing to being open to the possibility that there is a problem)
6) Is this something that you have given zero thought about or do you have opinions about it? Do you believe there is an issue with TikTok and its ability to impact
people’s attention span? If yes, would you pay for a subscription service that was proven to help revert and/or extend your child’s attention span when it comes to studying?
